Update readme for autocmd support (#33)
Shatur/neovim-session-manager: README.md

  max_path_length = 80,  -- Shorten the display path if length exceeds this threshold. Use 0 if don't want to shorten the path at all.
})
```

## Autocommands

> The plugin supports user configurable autocmd using vim's very own User event feature. You can specify commands to be executed automatically after saving or loading a session. Use these like any other built in vim autocmd events.

Reviewer: Let's make it shorter:

```suggestion
You can specify commands to be executed automatically after saving or loading a session using the following autocmds:
```

> | Event                | Description                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Autocmd                | Description                        |
```

| -------------------- | ---------------------------------- |

> | User SessionSavePost | Executed after a session is saved  |
> | User SessionLoadPost | Executed after a session is loaded |

Reviewer: Custom autocmds are always user-defined:
```suggestion
| SessionSavePost | Executed after a session is saved  |
| SessionLoadPost | Executed after a session is loaded |
```
